Reorganize Customer Center section (#662)
RevenueCat/docs: docs/tools/customer-center/customer-center-promo-offers-google.mdx

---
title: Configuring Google Promotional Offers
sidebar_label: Google Promotional Offers
slug: customer-center-promo-offers-google
hidden: false
---

> Promotional Offers allow developers to apply custom pricing and trials to new customers and to existing and lapsed subscriptions. Unique promotional offers can be assigned to different paths and survey responses in the Customer Center, but first they must be setup in App Store Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestions
Promotional Offers allow developers to apply custom pricing and trials to new customers and to existing and lapsed subscriptions. Unique promotional offers can be assigned to different paths and survey responses in the Customer Center, but first they must be setup in Play Store.
```

The Customer Center will automatically show offers based on specific user actions. By default we have defined it for refunds and cancellations but it can be modified to any of the defined paths. Here’s how it works:

![Promotional Offers Configuration](/images/customer-center-promo-offers-config.png)

- **Cancellation Retention Discount**: By default, for responses in the cancellation survey, RevenueCat will use a promotional offer that you can customize in the Offers tab of the Customer Center settings.

> - **Refund Retention Discount**: By default, when a user requests a refund in iOS, RevenueCat will use a promotional offer that you can customize in the Offers tab of the Customer Center settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Refund Retention Discount**: By default, when a user requests a refund in Android, RevenueCat will use a promotional offer that you can customize in the Offers tab of the Customer Center settings.
```

Author: Actually I am going to remove this section since there's no refunds in android
